[LV][doc] Update and extend the docs on floating-point reduction vectorization (#172809)
llvm/llvm-project: llvm/docs/Vectorizers.rst

    return sum;
  }

Fully vectorizing reductions requires reordering operations,
which is problematic for floating-point arithmetic because it is
not associative; therefore results may depend on the evaluation order.

Changing floating-point results is implicitly prohibited by the C and C++
standards, therefore LLVM supports vectorizing floating point reductions
only when at least the `-fassociative-math -fno-signed-zeros 
-fno-trapping-math` subset of `-ffast-math` is used on most targets. On some
targets, such as AArch64 and RISC-V, LLVM can generate ordered reductions
that preserve the exact result, enabling limited, standards-compliant
vectorization. However, ordered reductions

> are typically less efficient than traditionally vectorized reductions,

Reviewer: as a final nit, could you reflow the text to make lines take as close to 80 chars as possible here and above?

    return sum;
  }

The full vectorization of reductions requires reordering operations,
which is problematic for floating-point reductions. Since floating-point
operations are not associative, the result may depend on the order of

> operations.

Reviewer: Fully vectorizing reductions requires reordering operations, which is problematic for floating-point arithmetic because it is not associative; therefore results may depend on the evaluation order.

Changing floating-point results is implicitly prohibited by the C and C++
standards, therefore LLVM supports vectorizing floating point reductions
only when at least the `-fassociative-math -fno-signed-zeros 
-fno-trapping-math` subset of `-ffast-math` is used on most targets. On select
targets such as AArch64 and RISC-V LLVM supports generating ordered reductions
which preserve the exact result, allowing a limited form of vectorization to

> take place while remaining standards-compliant. However, ordered reductions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-fno-trapping-math` subset of `-ffast-math` is used on most targets. On some
targets, such as AArch64 and RISC-V, LLVM can generate ordered reductions
that preserve the exact result, enabling limited, standards-compliant vectorization. However, ordered reductions
```

    return sum;
  }

The full vectorization of reductions inherently involves reordering operations,
which is problematic for floating-point reductions. Since floating-point
operations are not associative, the result may depend on the order of operations.
Therefore, vectorizing floating-point reductions is implicitly prohibited by
the C and C++ standards, unless the compiler can ensure that the result does
not change.

For this reason, on most targets we support floating point reduction operations
only when `-ffast-math` (or at least the `-fassociative-math -fno-signed-zeros 
-fno-trapping-math` subset of `-ffast-math`) is used. On select targets such as

> AArch64 and RISC-V we support generating ordered reductions which preserve the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AArch64 and RISC-V LLVM supports generating ordered reductions which preserve the
```
